In this lecture, you'll see how to do some of the best practice global configuration with a lab Damul
So a very simple lab.
We've got a couple of pieces on the left and the tandoor oh oh oh swash 24 subnet, but ah one is got
IP address, TANDO 0.01.
And on the other side of it I was an A.P. server at hand or one one hundred.
So first thing to do is to jump on the right are are one and let's configure a log in Bonheur.
So I'll go to the enable prompt and in a global configuration and the command is Bonnar log in and then
enter a delimiter like one of the characters from the top line.
Or here I'll use the double quotes and then hit Enter when you hit enter.
But I will tell you enter a text message you want to use and in and with the same character again.
So let's use a banner of authorized users only.
And then when I'm done I hit the double quotes again and hit enter and then that will take the command
to watch check this working.
So I'll go on to the PC, PC one and I will tell that to Tandoor or the other one.
And when I do that you can see there is the banner message authorized users only.
I'd then be able to enter my password to log in.
OK, so that's configuring a login.
Bonheur the other thing I want to show you here is configuring and.
So if we go back on to our one to check what the current time is, say, of the enable prompt, we can
do a sure clock and that will tell us the current day and time.
I can see that right now.
And this is the kind of thing you do sometimes wrong in the real world, is that it is the universal
UTC time and it thinks it's March the 1st in nineteen ninety three right now.
So I want to have this configured with the correct time.
I could manually set the clock on the right are here, but the problem is that it doesn't have a great
clock and it's going to get out of time.
Just like if you had a wristwatch, unless it's a fairly good one in a year's time, it's not going
to have really accurate time.
So I want to have this synchronized with an external A.P. server that I know does have a really good
clock on there.
So in the lab, let's have a look and see where I were.
A.P. server was its hand or one dot?
One hundred.
So back on our one, first thing I want to do is set the correct time zone.
Let's see that this is in Sydney, Australia.
So I'll go to global configuration and I'll see the clock timezone is AEST, which is for Australian
Eastern Standard Time, and Australia is ahead of UTC by ten hours, I'll say ten.
So if you're in the U.S. and you're behind Ukichi, it will be minus eight.
For example, Australia is plus ten, but you don't type plus ten.
You just say ten to me and it's ten hours after UTC.
Then I need to specify where the A.P. server is to the command for that is Antep server.
Again, A.P. server makes an A.P. client, not an A.P. server.
And the IP address of a server is at hand or dot one one hundred and then real world.
What you would do is you would leave it five minutes or so and come back and check that the clock is
synchronized because I'm in a lab environment here.
It should take effect pretty much immediately.
So I can do sure clock now and I can see that it has been updated to the correct time, which is just
coming up to 11:00 p.m. in Sydney.
I've got the correct time zone there and the correct date on the correct year.
So that looks good.
Another command to use to verify is schedule A.P. status.
And there I can see that the clock is synchronized.
So this all looks good.
OK, so that was a few of the best practice commands that you want to configure a global configuration.
That wraps up the security section.
I'll see you in the next one.